Exercise is a really big part of all of the services. Every six months
we have this training that requires you to, it's not training, it's
a physical fitness exam where they look at how much you weigh, they
request that you do push ups, sit ups, and you run a mile and half.
I think that's pretty standard for all military services. However,
they don't all provide you with the same amount of time to do it. For
instance, in the Navy, they don't give me any time to exercise, you
always have to do that outside of your working hours. I think for
the marines they probably do, it's probably inherent in you know waking
up in the morning and you all PT together. Probably the army is
similar that way too, depending on what type of job you have. I think
the airforce is similar to the Navy where you pretty much work out
on your own time, during lunch time or after or before work. In any
case all of the services require you to be in shape.